Hey, so let's take a moment to
check in with yourself, right?
You just visualized a version of your
life where nothing changes, no masks
removed, no truth spoken, no steps taken
toward the life that's actually yours.
It's basically like you were
Scrooge and you just got visited
by the ghost of Christmas future.
That was hard, right?
It should have been because the
truth is we're not the only ones that
pay the price when we stay stuck.
The people we love, the ones we
lead, the future, we say we want.
They all feel the ripple
effects of our pretending.
And this next exercise is designed to help
you put language to what you just felt.
Okay?
It's based on a classic coaching
framework called the Cartesian questions.
These are four powerful prompts
that explore both the cost of change
and the cost of staying the same.
And it goes even deeper because we're
gonna look at this not just from our own
lens, but through the lens of your life.
Ecology, okay?
Your relationships, your career,
your parenting, your friendships.
What happens to all of
it if nothing changes?
This is not about shaming yourself.
Remember that.
It's about telling the truth, because
when you can see the full weight
of what's at stake, clarity comes.
Momentum comes, change begins.
So when you're ready.
Open the worksheet and
just take your time.
Let this be a space where
you don't hold back.
You've already seen where
the path of pretending leads.
Now let's get it on paper
so we can move past it.
I'll see you soon.